Nested documentation for helm-charts-hardened chart (#293)
spiffe/spiffe.io: content/docs/latest/spire-helm-charts-hardened-advanced/nested-spire.md

![Image](/img/spire-helm-charts-hardened/multicluster-alternate3.png)

Deploy the root server as described above.

Write out a configuration file named child-values.yaml
```
tags:
  nestedChildFull: true

global:
  spire:
    #Update these two values
    clusterName: changeme
    upstreamSpireAddress: spire-server.changeme
```

Make sure you update the two values mentioned in the file. Each cluster should have a unique clusterName, and the upstreamSpireAddress should match the dns entry you set up for the root server.

Install the child server onto the child cluster:

```shell
helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n spire-mgmt spire-crds spire-crds \
 --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire-nested --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ \
  -f your-values.yaml -f child-values.yaml
```

> **Note**
> The child cluster will fail to start some services at this point, as the root server doesn't have have a trust established yet. This is expected.

Next, we will establish the trust between instances.

Example: TODO

## Security Cluster

![Image](/img/spire-helm-charts-hardened/securitycluster.png)

> In some cases, you may have a seperate Kubernetes Cluster just for security related services that sits along side one or more workload Kubernetes Clusters. The clusters share the same Datacenter, Availability Zone, Region or whatthever other term that is used to denote the same locality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may have a separate Kubernetes Cluster just for security-related services that sits alongside one or more workload Kubernetes Clusters. The clusters share the same Data Center, Availability Zone, Region, or whatever other term is used to denote the same locality.
```

Deploy the root server as described above

Write out a configuration file named child-values.yaml

```
global:
  spire:
    # Update this value
    clusterName: changeme

tags:
  nestedChildSecurity: true

downstream-spire-agent-security:
  serviceAccount:
    server:
      # Update this value
      address: spire-server.changeme
```

Install the child server onto the child cluster:

```shell
helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n spire-mgmt spire-crds spire-crds \
 --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire-nested --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ \
  -f your-values.yaml -f child-values.yaml
```

> **Note**

> > The child cluster will fail to start some services at this point, as the root server doesn't have have a trust established yet. This is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The child cluster will fail to start some services at this point, as the root server doesn't have a trust established yet. This is expected.
```
